hey what's up Tom Segura I'm here to
finally do what I've wanted to do for
years we did a fundraising Christmas
campaign so thank you to everybody that
got these Santa Claus blares jean
sweater and Santa Claus where's Jean
sweatshirt now it's time to take all
that profit and then some and buy a
bunch of toys and give it to kids that
Children's Hospital in Los Angeles
that's exactly what I told you we were
going to do that's exactly what we're
doing
Christina couldn't be here because she
has diarrhea fuck are you doing man what
they're looking for okay
here's what we gotta get generic
coloring books no holiday reference no
Jews allowed soft baby dolls trans
superhero action figures Hello Kitty
items such as play-doh okay let's get
into it I just realized this is really
my worst
[Applause]
[Music]
superhero action figures so here we go
dude we definitely another card already
they feel just like hold this for us so
we get another card all right so you
fill up that first card superfast so now
this is card number two we're gonna pull
up the second card you have a bunch of
stuff to get I'm focused now don't
buckle what's that toy just looks like a
fucking writer I got a sick that's like
get that for a kid
I think we need another card let's do
arts and crafts next and then we're done
and then we'll go to the Sports swag get
the t-shirt talk about some wrestling
stuff let's not encourage rounds all
sizes
all right let's go let's go
it's gonna be a lot
sometimes carload pay any more than a
certain amount it would like usually
freeze on the offside on our side
you just like stop a thousand in number
Santa Claus wears jeans and kids good
toys but I just mean it like the car my
car itself doesn't have crazy room but
it's gonna fit it's gonna be
[Music]
what do you think I got a shot pick some
nuvaring and help some ingenuity on
their part not mine all right we just
finished that Toys R Us we're heading
over to fans now to get some la sports
swag I actually called and said hey you
know I know it's LA but do you want some
like national stars cuz it's kids you
know you're gonna get some Tom Brady
jerseys they were like no absolutely not
this Children's Hospital Los Angeles and
we are ride-or-die LA teams only so uh
excuse me this is youth section because
are the hats Youth hats and then how
about these jerseys
I can fuel those I got some charger hats
I got some Rams hat I got some Laker
hats I got some t-shirt we're doing some
jerseys a bunch of shit not keeping any
other that's the sad part
Oh Donald I'll take that Donald
please definite stuff that in write what
they like it
well kids match
[Music]
sit and got sell a sports swag for the
kids we've got a bunch of toys we're now
going to drop off for children's
houseboat Los Angeles do better with
your life be like me give away we got a
bunch of toys and I gotta listen to the
make noise the whole way to the drop-off
it's been 30 minutes
we're here at the drop-off location in
Hollywood for Children's Hospital of Los
Angeles a lot of stuff to get now super
excited thanks again
for everyone that approaches santa claus
wears jeans and also thank you to me
we're really generous guy people are
kind of making this about the kids I
think it should be more about me be
generous be giving be more liked I'll be
a better person
[Music]